README.MD, before:

## About Project 
    Zomato clone with live working example 
    
    `Backend`
    Backend powered by Sanity.io with is a powerful javascript CRM that is used to add new restraunts for zomaggy app 
    along with differnet dishes categories and Offers running on the app.

    `Frount end`
    React-Native with tailwind CSS and react-redux is used to mantain the store across the application 
    

# Start the Project on expo go  

    #    add project id in this location
        1. sanity.js ->  projectId:"" add your project ID here 
        2. cd sanity 
            sanity.json -> projectId:"" add your project ID here as well 

    ~cd zomaggy
    ~npm install --save
    ~cd sanity
    ~npm install --save
    ~expo start 

# Start Sanity CRM Loacally \
    
    ~cd sanity
    ~sanity start
        sanity localcrm will be hosted on port 3333
    
    `if changes are done on sanity CRM locally then needs to be pushed to sanity live to be refleced on the
    live application `

    #to push changes to sanity live 

    ~sanity build


# Create a eas build for the project

     ~eas build --profile development --platform abdroid

Commit message:

added shots of the application

README.MD, after:

## About Project 
    Zomato clone with live working example 
    
    `Backend`
    Backend powered by Sanity.io with is a powerful javascript CRM that is used to add new restraunts for zomaggy app 
    along with differnet dishes categories and Offers running on the app.

    `Frount end`
    React-Native with tailwind CSS and react-redux is used to mantain the store across the application 
    

# Start the Project on expo go  

    #    add project id in this location
        1. sanity.js ->  projectId:"" add your project ID here 
        2. cd sanity 
            sanity.json -> projectId:"" add your project ID here as well 

    ~cd zomaggy
    ~npm install --save
    ~cd sanity
    ~npm install --save
    ~expo start 

# Start Sanity CRM Loacally \
    
    ~cd sanity
    ~sanity start
        sanity localcrm will be hosted on port 3333
    
    `if changes are done on sanity CRM locally then needs to be pushed to sanity live to be refleced on the
    live application `

    #to push changes to sanity live 

    ~sanity build


# Create a eas build for the project

     ~eas build --profile development --platform abdroid.


# Live Shots Of the application

![IMG-20221121-WA0005](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921177-f9ef43fe-d6b3-4477-8d4a-c0bff44da9c8.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0006](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921181-9ebee7fd-ef0e-4f44-a104-ba8bdf0fb061.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0007](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921182-dff5d4f7-c135-401d-bab4-307e23de7a6b.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0008](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921185-843e05fb-59d4-4a12-a067-2f444db33cf5.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0009](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921187-6c86ff83-0273-47fd-8954-ddad0f48ddfd.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0010](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921189-0829091b-8e9b-4e05-af17-ea3f24f69628.jpg)
![IMG-20221121-WA0011](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56434871/202921190-ac90c12c-171b-4a18-948d-a6b570294fcb.jpg)
